"format" property in `JSONSchema` and `OpenApiSpec` (#3945)
Effect-TS/effect: .changeset/small-swans-juggle.md

---
"effect": minor
"@effect/platform": patch
---

> - `JsonSchema` interfaces have been updated
> - added tests that confirm that the field `"format"` is reflected in the final `JSONSchema` and `OpenApi` spec.
> - updated `UUID` schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- JSONSchema module
  - add `format?: string` optional field to `JsonSchema7String` interface
- Schema module
  - add custom json schema annotation to `UUID` schema including `format: "uuid"`
- OpenApiJsonSchema module
  - add `format?: string` optional field to `String` and ` Numeric` interfaces
```
